Docs for release 1.6 of KongMesh (#3705)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/mesh/1.6.x/features/opa.md

            token.payload.role == "admin"
          }
```

{% endnavtab %}
{% navtab Universal %}

```yaml
type: OPAPolicy
mesh: default
name: opa-1
selectors:
- match:
    kuma.io/service: '*'
conf:
  agentConfig: # optional
    inlineString: | # one of: inlineString, secret
      decision_logs:
        console: true
  policies: # optional
    - inlineString: | # one of: inlineString, secret
        package envoy.authz
  
        import input.attributes.request.http as http_request
  
        default allow = false
  
        token = {"valid": valid, "payload": payload} {
            [_, encoded] := split(http_request.headers.authorization, " ")
            [valid, _, payload] := io.jwt.decode_verify(encoded, {"secret": "secret"})
        }
  
        allow {
            is_token_valid
            action_allowed
        }
  
        is_token_valid {
          token.valid
          now := time.now_ns() / 1000000000
          token.payload.nbf <= now
          now < token.payload.exp
        }
  
        action_allowed {
          http_request.method == "GET"
          token.payload.role == "admin"
        }
```

{% endnavtab %}
{% endnavtabs %}

### With Secrets

> Encoding the policy in a [Secret](https://kuma.io/docs/1.0.7/documentation/secrets/#universal) provides some security for policies that contain sensitive data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Encoding the policy in a [Secret](https://kuma.io/docs/latest/security/secrets/) provides some security for policies that contain sensitive data.
```
